Music
"What is the mainstream genre of music?"
"What was one of the most popular subgenres of the 00s?"
"Who had earned the most #1 singles by the end of the 10s for that decade?"
"Who was the best artist of this decade?"
"Who is not folk singer?"
"Who considered as punk rocker at the early 00s?"
"What band is pop?"
"What was the first video/ song on youtube to reach 100 million views?"
"What song does not have over 1 billion views on youtube?"
"When was disco emerged as a genre of dance music?"
"What is the biggest music platform?"
"Who is the winner of the ESC of 2019?"
"Which country has won the ESC 7 times?"
"Who is the singer of Norway's entry in ESC,'FairyTale' "
"Which of the following did Lewis Capaldi sing?"
"Which band sings "Here Without You"?"
"Which band is "losing their religion"?"
"Whose album is "Moral Panic"?"
"In which Imagine Dragons album does "Warriors" belong?"
"When did Papa Roach release "Last Resort"?"
"What was the lead single of the album "Different Light" of the band "the Bangles"?"
"Who has not worked with him Slash?"
"Which song of Melanie Martinez has not released as a single?"
"When the neo soul genre of music earned mainstream success?"
"Jazz is a music genre that originated in what communities?"
Books
"Which was the first book of John Verdon?"
"Which book is not written by Sophocles?"
"Which book is not classical literature?"
"Which book is not of police content?"
"What is the genre of the book "Madame Bovary"?"
"Which book is written by Oscar Wilde?"
"Which book made famous the writer "J.K Rowling"?"
"Who was considered as the best writer in the English-speaking world?"
"What is the content of Agatha Christie's books?"
"Which is the most widely read book?"
"Who wrote "Parrot's Theorem"?"
"Who wrote "Gone With The Wind"?"
"What was the second novel that Charles Dickens wrote?"
"George Orwell: Animal...?"
"Where was Fyodor Dostoevsky from?"
"When was William Shakespeare born?"
"In which language is "Erotokritos" composed?"
"When was "Life Of Pi" published?"
"How many copies did "The Book Thief" sell?"
"In what fictional towns do the characters of "The Great Gatsby" book live?"
"Poetry derived from...?"
"Short story is one of the oldest types of literature and hasn't existed in the form of...?"
"What was the age of "Lolita" in the novel of 1955?"
"Which book is not novel with erotic motifs?"
"When "The Cost of Living" by Deborah Levy was published?"
TV Series/ Movies
"How many season had the TV series "LOST"?"
"Who was not main character in the TV series "Supernatural"?"
"Who was not appeared in every season of "Game of Thrones"?"
"In which season did Sara Tancredi left the TV series "Prison Break"?"
"What's the nickname of Silene Oliveira in the TV series "La Casa De papel"?"
"Who will continue to be main character in season 4 in the TV series "Élite"?"
"When was the "Titanic" filmed?"
"What is the name of the child in the movie "Home Alone""
"What is the first film of "Harry Potter"?"
"Who stayed alive in "Avengers: Endgame"?"
"Who is the protagonist "Annalise Keating" in "How To Get Away With Murder"?"
"How is "Walter's White" wife called in "Breaking Bad"?"
"Who created "The Good Place"?"
"What is the name of Holt's dog in "Brooklyn Nine-Nine"?"
"What is the score of the series "The Umbrella Academy" in IMDb?"
"What is the name of Lucifer's nightclub in "Lucifer"?"
"How many "Now You See Me" movies exist?"
"Who is the protagonist of "Shutter Island"?"
"In which of the following factions did "Beatrice" grow up in "Divergent"?"
"Who plays "Batman" in "The Dark Night" (2008)?"
"Which game was played in "The Queen's Gambit"?"
"Which character first appeared in the TV series "Desperate Housewives"?"
"What colour "is the new black"?"
""What Happened to" what day?"
"What singer plays in the movie "Fifty Shades Of Grey"?"
Travelling
"Which country does not belong to europe?"
"Where the eiffel tower is located?"
"Which country does not belong to the continent "Oceania"?"
"Which country is known for its food"
"If you want to go to the Himalayas, which country will you choose to go to?"
"Where acropolis is located?"
"Where Glacier National Park is located?"
"France is the country of...?"
"Which part of portugal is mountainous?"
"Spanish is spoken in...?"
"What is the richest country of the world?"
"Which of the following is not a State of USA?"
"Where is "La Bodeguita del Medio"?"
"Which country is famous for its chocolates?"
"How many inhabited islands are there in Greece?"
"Where is the famous "Burj Khalifa"?"
"Which country is not part of the The Balkans?"
"What is the country of origin of "Tacos"?"
"Where the biggest carnival in the world is held?"
"What are the colors of the German flag?"
"Which country is the smallest in the world?"
"Which is the largest desert in the world?"
"Where can we find the endangered species "Kakapo"?"
"Where can we find the spiciest food?"
"In which country was recorded the coldest temperature?"
Food & Drinks
"Who is the God of wine in Greek Mythology?"
"Bailey's is an Irish...?"
"What does the cocktail "White Russian" has?"
"Caipirinha is which country's national cocktail?"
"Complete the name of the famous cocktail. Bazooka..."
"In a party you can enjoy playing..."
"Not only a magazine, but also a drink. We are talking about..."
"What is the taste of Bloody Mary cocktail?"
"Which of the following is not a tequila by Olmeca?"
"Johnnie who?"
"What is Bacardi's 151 ABV?"
"What is the strongest alcoholic drink in the world?"
"What is the logo on the woman on Havana Club?"
"Which of the following is not a traditional X-mas food?"
"Brunch is usually served anytime before what hour?"
"Which is a controversial pizza topping?"
"Which one do we traditionally paint in Easter?"
"How heavy was the biggest chocolate bar in the world?"
"The what brings all the boys in the yard?"
"What can a vegan eat?"
"Which is not a flavor of snack "Poppers" by "Tasty"?"
"When we are M&M's introduced?"
"How many calories does one Oreo biscuit have?"
"What you should definitely avoid before a date?"
"What is bolognese based on?"